# BUDGETY

#### A simple app that can help calculate monthly bugety.

# Overview

## I. Why this application
## II. Application features
## III. Run the application
## IV. Final worlds

# Why this application

For a while now, I've started digging into JavaScript to really understand how it works. And during this discovery expedition, I learned a lot of things like the different versions of js and how to use the new features brought by the progressive language updates.

In this project, I highlight my raw understanding of the language, with the better version understood by current browsers: ES5.
Because for me to really understand ES5 is to be a step up in development with this fabulous but rather capricious language.

# II. Application features

The app itself is simple and useful. However, the logic behind the scene is another story. Using **IIEF** [Immediately Invoked Function Expression](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/IIFE) to separate the different parts of a Js application written in a single file is my best challenge for this application. I strongly encourage you to read the code in `app.js` file; you will understand.

The features are:
* add / remove incomes
* add / remove expenses
* have a global vision of the monthly    balance
* Some animations to make the app funy to use


# Run the application

## 1. On your local machine

+ Just clone or download de repository

    git clone https://github.com/Vector22/Budgety.git

+ Go in the root folder of the project

    cd budgety

+ And if firefox or chrome is in your bin (i'm on linux)

    firefox index.html

    or just double clik on the `index.html` file to open it on the browser.

## 2. The online app

If you don't want to deal with the code and only see how the app work.
Just go here: `https://competent-lamarr-977c54.netlify.com`

It is the public url auto generated by [netlify](https://docs.netlify.com/#discover-netlify). You must try it one day, it's very simple to use...

# IV. Final worlds

I Guess that you'll encounter some bugs/issues. So feel free to send me any feedback to vector22dev@gmail.com or rekinvector@gmail.com.

> ***JavaScript is good for the health of a developer.
Eat in guys ...***